we are constantly being met with
adversity times of change times of
growth there has never been a time where
more influence has been put forth to
keep their facade of aoom going in
addition to the heavy Reliance on
Central Banking and the easy monetary
policies the majority of people in
finance and media have been accelerating
their propaganda towards keeping this
going just like in 2008 you can't hold
together a fraud event
it is torn apart eviscerating and
annihilating those in its path you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today I want to talk about
various issues let's begin with this
first we had seen what happened today
and that was the Fang stocks these are
the notable tech stocks and also Bitcoin
they seem to be trading directly
together today and while both are
technology it's it's very interesting to
see them go in this direction now
obviously both have made a quite a big
run up in recent months and here they
are trading down together I just wanted
to bring that to you both of these need
a correction Bitcoin has certainly come
down significantly from its peak But
ultimately both of them had run up very
very fast and in a very short period of
time considerably uh considering the
situation I think it's healthy anytime
you see a pullback that is a good thing
now of course if it stays stagnant for
10 years that's probably not a good
thing but to see regular Corrections
definitely a good healthy thing I I
don't think necessarily that what's
happening with the tech stocks is
similar to what's happening with Bitcoin
though in this case they are trading
together I think there's a big big
difference because you don't have
Central Bank and incentives to be buying
up the
Bitcoin look at
this China and other developing
economies such as Thailand are beginning
to show the same signs of tension seen
in the US and the UK before the global
financial crisis of 20072 2008 according
to the annual report of the biz I tend
to agree with what the IMF and the biz
say in their reports that's what's so
interesting their policy policies are
meant to crush people they're meant to
put austerity on everybody they're meant
to go in there and displace the
government and input the global
government that's what these do but
their reports seem to address all of the
right issues too much debt they're
following into the same policies as they
did before they're going to crash there
a financial crisis this and that they
get into it all except when they said
say okay now we're going to help you out
and then they just bankrupt them they
steal all their assets and everything
else it's simply a caball it's a
mafia and here we are though they're
talking the truth an Abrupt end to the
current period of growth could come with
a
Vengeance this is the head of the biz
monetary and Economic Department saying
that okay leading indicators of
financial distress point to the
financial booms that in a number of
economies look qualitatively similar to
those that preceded the global financial
crisis I have said
this Pro you know maybe a thousand times
now I I wrote it in my book my new
book the financial crisis part two I
have sections based on it this is the
exact same thing I've been
saying does it it mean it's going to
crash tomorrow absolutely not could the
Dow go to 100,000
absolutely will it go there tomorrow no
I don't think so but look if you print
enough money you could send the Dow up
as high as you want but the results of
that are
Untold if people think that printing
money is fine as long as you're on the
receiving end like if you're invested in
equities and you believe equities will
continue to rise then you could say well
I don't care if they're causing
inflation because that inflation is
making its way into my pocket what you
hope with that is
that the inflation you experience in
other categories whether that's your
electricity prices or your food prices
or your education or anything along
these
lines that would be have to outpa what's
happening with your uh with everything
else that's you know your income
basically I don't know I don't know the
way that this will work out ultimately
I'm just looking at it and I'm concerned
the biz sometimes known as the central
bank for central banks warned of deep
problems looming over the world
economy and they talk about the raising
of interest rates this to
me is what
will collapse the
economy they're raising them now in the
US and it is simply a matter of time
they
cannot there's it's impossible they
cannot get around raising interest rates
causing a collapse they've been doing
this now since 1980 where it peaked out
ever since then it's been
declining but every single time they try
to bring up interest rates there is a
crash and they have to bring them back
down again they take years to bring
those interest rates back up and it
crashes again so then they brought it
into this mode of Perpetual low interest
rates that was happening for years and
years and years but they said look we're
not doing a good job of monetary policy
fiscal policy let's fix things okay so
it took years for that happen they
acknowledge that but it took years to
actually make some changes they've been
doing so at this fractional incremental
level which is almost a joke and it's
taking so long they say they'll do it
four times a year they do it once then
they say they're going to do it again
five times and you know they do it two
times or something but ultimately I
don't know what they're doing but as
soon as they get to a certain point I
don't know what that number will be
let's say maybe 3% ENT on the interest
rates it's going to cause foreclosures
it's going to cause all sorts of
problems when the debt needs to be
renewed see everything's all fine but
what about the renewals and what has
been making a comeback I'm not sure if I
covered that I was reading that article
recently that adjustable rate mortgages
guess what they're making a comeback
with avengeance so stay tuned for that
one it's going to come back yet again
there's no doubt
Illinois I've you know the video I did
about Illinois actually a couple videos
so many people who live in Illinois have
been commenting talking about how bad it
is and they're confirming all this
information that I've been discussing
we're in a death spiral in Illinois has
the worst pension crisis in the nation
and we're talking about a nation that is
suffering from a pension crisis
altogether I mean just all over the
place the stock market has increased to
such a great degree yet the pensions are
doing terribly the money has been
squandered and I'm tired of repeating
myself it needs to be bold it needs the
boldest reforms whenever they say
reforms of Pensions that worries me
because they're not going to increase
the performance somehow with the Pension
funds what they're going to do is
they're going to say you used to get
$1,000 a month you are now going to get
900 you're now going to get 800 700 600
you're not going to get anything there's
no doubt that junk bond rating is on its
way and S&P is going to have to lower it
to below investment grade it's probably
what's going to happen ultimately it
doesn't matter because the junk suddenly
will provide perhaps a higher yield and
then you'll have all the algorithms
coming out to buy up all that junk but
no worries because you'll just get the
FED to gobble it all up should nobody
else get in there the G3 central bank
balance sheet this is a very good
indicator of what's happening out there
what has happened more recently is a
decline now this decline has happened
before you've seen a little one here
you've seen some stagnation in here this
is of course in the recent past and
you've seen the decline in here as
well this isn't the first decline is
what I'm trying to get to however should
it continue should it drop significantly
this could be it this could be the drop
that not only matches what we saw during
the you know the Fang stocks and
everything else this could be something
that uh extends on to something much
worse we'll see this here is the true
collapse it's happening in Venezuela it
is
degrading right now into an absolute
hell hole anyone that lives there you
know I don't know what to say because
the surrounding countries don't seem to
be doing much better but
Venezuela unfortunately seems like it's
the worst case this right here the Grim
video of a Venezuelan protest are being
shot on live TV they went up close to
the individual shot him in the I believe
it was perhaps three
times feet away from the guy I
mean it's so terrible to see this the
crime is rampant the riots and protests
and everything are happening every
single day people are suffering
economically the black market is
expanding the rations are getting worse
and
worse Basic Essentials are no longer f
there are lineups for just about
everything it's
terrible but we have yet to see some
real
International interference and that I
think could be even worse than what
Venezuelans are seeing right
now this is
interesting because Brazil seems to be
in a state of turmoil
seemingly no matter who they put in
charge the
president
accepted right here basically saying uh
let me go from the beginning here a
partial report sent by the federal
police to the federal Supreme Court
concludes that the president accepted an
undue advantage through the former
deputy according to the document he has
committed a crime of passive corruption
guilty of corruption this
President this country cannot seemingly
cannot sustain a
president you look at what's happening
in Brazil Venezuela
Argentina it's spreading throughout
Central America it's really bad a lot of
Latin America in fact lives below the
poverty line does that mean everybody in
Latin America no obviously not there are
many wealthy people
there and there's a lot of economies
that are doing well there but there are
a lot of people many people who have
contacted me over the years who are not
doing well and this unfortunately is
um just one more country
suffering it's an economic crisis that
is in some ways hidden but in other
ways it's righted in our face and the
stock markets can go through the roof
Argentina stock market is doing well
Venezuela stock market is doing
well you know you can put your money in
the bank and earn interest do you trust
the banks in Venezuela right
now I mean what do you want what do you
want you you I'm a little frustrated
with what I see because people say
there's no collapse because they look at
the S&P they look at the Dow they look
at Apple stock they've invested in apple
they've invested in Amazon and they're
doing well so where's the collapse I
don't see it I go down the street my kid
goes to school I drive a BMW there's
montauri they're shopping at Whole Foods
they are living
great but the majority of people that I
talk to when I walk down the streets of
Toronto I'm seeing beggar I'm seeing
panhandlers I'm seeing the squeegee kids
as they call them I'm seeing a lot of
that simultaneously I'm seeing more bent
leaves on the road than ever before that
Chasm is really opening wide you better
watch where you step because this is
becoming the Grand Canyon I assure
you this is some good news very good
news in fact
glyphosate the cancerous poison
treasonous chemical that kills people
that kill that kills you and I even if
we're not using it we're breathing it in
from outside I assure you a herbicide
that at the active ingredient in
monsanto's popular Roundup weed killer
will be added to California's list of
chemicals known to cause cancer
effective January uh July 7th but of
course Monsanto wants to fight back and
said this is unwarranted on the basis of
Science and love law that's right they
provide the documentation to the
government saying it's safe therefore it
is safe the truth however is in the
report from the World Health
Organization that said it's probably
carcinogenic and they're being very nice
they can't say it is so they'll say it's
probably carcinogenic and I completely
agree do I know for certain well I guess
not
but is it probably carcinogenic yes
therefore it shouldn't be used it should
be banned there should be no way that
this should be allowed out there in
particular being used you know it's just
a funny little tidbit here it's not
allowed some of
these um weed killers are not allowed to
be used in
Canada okay they ban them so what do
Canadians do they go over the Border
they buy them they resell them in Canada
for a higher price
that's a business for you right there
Then you have as I said when you have
some of the most poor people around the
world you have some of the most rich
people a paper clip is something that
you would use on your little sheets of
paper
to stick together paper okay you have a
few few sheets you want to stick them
together but if you're wealthy you don't
get them in a box from your um local
store no no no you order it from Prada
and you pay
$185 us for it
$185 for a paper clip this is when you
know that there are two class of
individuals there are the rich and there
are everyone
else all right this was a shocking stat
to me people with mental health
disorders represent 16
18% of the US population I mean it's
extreme I know that some people you know
perhaps they get either
misdiagnosed or perhaps somebody wants
to scam the system and these numbers
might be increased but there's probably
a lot of people who should be part of
the numbers that are not so maybe it's
accurate I don't
know what it gets into here is something
that I believe is very true and that is
we are prescribing way too much
opioids
I've talked to many people who
unfortunately for U pain relief for
different reasons they take some sort of
strong medications let's call it that
for their management of that and I just
think
that some people sure some people need
need it I'm not judging anybody but what
I'm saying is that the pharmaceutical
companies have their way with these
doctors that is confirmed and they will
suggest them to people and what they say
he here in this article is something
that I have read many times before these
are temporary solutions they don't even
work in the long term they have to go to
stronger and stronger drugs the dosages
then need to be increased and the root
cause of the issue never gets resolved
that's all I wanted to say for this if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative so look through the
books you can do so at Amazon the links
are in the description if you're
interested in the four asset classes
we're talking paper assets gold and
silver we're looking at business bus
we're looking at um Commodities
basically I go over a whole slew of
things and I talk about how to actually
profit from these so you definitely want
to check that out and if you're want to
look at becoming self-sufficient
reducing your monthly expenses and that
sort of thing that's what I call the
money GPS strategy which is located in
global economic collapse so either way
check that out if you're too busy to be
uh reading or want to listen to
something in the car I have the
audiobook version of global economic
collapse you can get that at the money
gps.com